Update community resources for migration guides (#11376)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-nuxtjs.mdx

## Community Resources 

<CardGrid>

  <LinkCard title="From Nuxt to Astro - rebuilding with Astro" href="https://dev.to/lindsaykwardell/from-nuxt-to-astro-rebuilding-with-astro-5ann"/>

  <LinkCard title="Nuxt 2 to Astro 3 Replatforming – from Setup to Production" href="https://stevenwoodson.com/blog/replatforming-from-nuxtjs-2-to-astro/"/>

</CardGrid>

:::note[Have a resource to share?]

> If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Nuxt site to Astro, edit this page and add it here!

Author: ```suggestion
If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Nuxt site to Astro, [add it to this list](https://github.com/withastro/docs/edit/main/src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-nuxtjs.mdx)!
```
